Four years ago, I was welcomed harshly into real life with successive blows to the heart, to the mind, and to the soul. The next time I meet her and her crew, it's as if I was an unknown, like the nobody I am.
Three years ago, I received the weirdest threat to take responsibility of someone. The next time I meet her, it became apparent that that responsibility is now but a ruse, as if the only promise made was to forget the promises.
Two years ago, I found myself in the same group as a half. The next time I meet her, she's crossed into the half dimension to remind me that the sound of settling isn't such a pretty sound after all, that I'm still in the Triple A's while she's in the Majors.
One year ago, I was caught in an attachment born out of commonality. The last time I met her, someone had to have caught her attention, that I can't shake off the fact that despite my efforts and commensurate attempts at forming bonds beyond common grounds, both fate and herself depicted disinterest. Wastes.
All of these flashed by me during that shared moment.
A shared moment I wanted but never in that manner.
As that flash wasn't even caused by any of them directly.
Outsiders meddling turn into banes of my existence.
That no matter which anterior point in time, these wretched abominations will always be presented in the imperfective.
Meddling, unwavering, killing the mood.
The reminiscing during a pivotal point in time weakened my resolve. It was one of the few rude awakenings to a tragedy never publicly deemed as such. And to think I thought my plans could have worked.
And as a jesting inquiry akin to one made before the beginning, so what happens from here on?
Now I know.
My misstep of not going for the kill due to the bystander is going to lead into another situation which is brought about by another misstep. The choice of not taking an offer for part-time is going to leave those two alone. Normally, this wouldn't be such a bother to me.
But all the red flags, all the tell-tale signs, all the obvious hints, everything that will eventually lead to my surrender on endeavors in general, is beginning to materialize.
I will miss you.
In the same way I missed all those before you.
In the same way I missed all the chances.
In the same way I miss all my shots.
And you will be remembered in the same way I remember those that come to pass.
As those I've lost.
As those I've wanted to keep.
As those I've failed.
My farewell was appropriate. His "See you tomorrow!" was unsightly.
Thanks! That's it. We're done.